something smells funny oh now now boss
oh yeah I can't see Oh what are we gonna
do Oh jegging teeth Kirara ar-ar-ar hey
kids wanna hear a joke hahaha what do
you get when you cross a snowman with a
vampire you give up hahahaha Vantage
snowman Jerry that can handle character
and managed care director and married at
key so that card I don't care to the car
and I don't care
ah excuse me what do you think you're
doing I've got jagged teeth healthy
nothing wrong with my dimension it's all
screwy Oh me me me man that's a weird
you know MA ha ha ha ha that's weird man
that's so weird ok i do that guard I
don't catch a good night okay Jimmy
great gone